Update ligatures documentation for stable ligatures (#7926)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/terminal/appearance.md

## Ligatures

> Terminal ligatures which allow rendering multiple character as one can be turned on with the `setting(terminal.integrated.fontLigatures.enabled)` setting. This feature requires the configured `setting(terminal.integrated.fontFamily)` to also support ligatures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terminal [ligatures](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ligature_(writing)) allow rendering multiple characters as one. You can enable ligatures in the terminal by configuring the `setting(terminal.integrated.fontLigatures.enabled)`  setting, provided that the terminal font family (`setting(terminal.integrated.fontFamily)`) supports them.
```

Reviewer: Reworded a bit and also included a link to a relevant Wikipedia. Not sure if everyone is familiar with ligatures.

![Enabling ligatures will combine certain sets of characters into one, for example >= into the greater than or equals sign](images/appearance/ligatures.png)

### Font feature settings

> When ligatures are enabled, it's also possible to set a detailed list of font feature settings in the format of the `font-feature-settings` CSS property. This allows for more fine-grained control over how ligatures are rendered. For example, disabling the standard `calt` ligatues and enabling a particular font variant looks something like `"calt" off, "ss03"`. For a list of variants supported by the font, consult the font's documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ligatures are enabled, it's also possible to set a detailed list of font feature settings in the format of the [`font-feature-settings`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-feature-settings) CSS property. This gives you more fine-grained control over how ligatures are rendered. For example, disabling the standard `calt` ligatures and enabling a particular font variant looks something like `"calt" off, "ss03"`. For a list of variants supported by the font, consult the font's documentation.
```

### Fallback ligatures

> When a font supports ligatures but VS Code does not support parsing the font in question, you can either disable [GPU acceleration](#gpu-acceleration) or set a list of character sequences to manually join to make ligatures. This defaults to a list of common ligatures uses in coding but can be fine tuned if desired:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a font supports ligatures but VS Code does not support parsing the font in question, you can either disable [GPU acceleration](#gpu-acceleration) or specify a list of character sequences to manually join to make ligatures. 

By default, the fallback ligatures are a list of common ligatures used in coding. Fine-tune the list by configuring the `setting(terminal.integrated.fontLigatures.fallbackLigatures)` setting. For example:
```
